hey what's up guys Joe here from JP RC
today I'm just doing a little bit test
run of my Traxxas Slash LCG two-wheel
drive in the garage and before running
it just want to show you guys a little
bit of you know how it looks and what
it's got in a setup so let me just pop
the color cover off and we'll take a
look at what's inside alright so I got
the body off the cover I mean off the
chassis and I just want to show you guys
a little bit what I got in there this is
the two-wheel drive EXL model but if you
look at it pretty much there's not much
of a / parts left and if you start from
the front you know you got the stock /
bumper when I keep it looking as stock
as possible so I kept a stock bumper I
kept the stock wheels I just got them
painted with some gunmetal plastic paint
from Tamiya yeah the tire you can see
the tread design there it's it looks
really nice for on roll and these are
the Duratrax Bandidos I do have taped
them inside so that they don't balloon
as much and by doing that it kind of uh
you know puts T the weight off a little
bit off so I had to balance the wheels
of the via the balancer at home and
moving a little bit up close you can see
those hot racing socks there there's a
big boy from hot racing together with
the sway bar kit
these kits are awesome it's fully
adjustable just so that you can tune how
you call out the sway bar handles on a
different track surface and if we turn
around I got the hot racin castle blocks
in there as well
and underneath the Traxxas aluminum up
great for the steering part of me I
forgot what's call I still have the
stock level and I do have a gyro in here
for this application it makes it a lot
easier to drive it makes it a lot easier
to trip and be able to
show it and then in the back I get a
all-aluminum gearbox it's really awesome
because it helps to cool the motor uh
really really well unlike the stop motor
it gets luck well I got it because when
I had to stop motor in there it
overheats all the time and and this was
the the solution to fixing it but ever
since then I upgraded to the Viper 4000
kV 120 amp combo I like it a lot more
better than the stock system because
it's got a lot more torque and actually
for the same pack of battery it got more
torque in more runtime as well so if you
move to the back we got the same heart
racing big fours in the back all around
get a thick sway bar kit and there's a
lot of lumen 'm that comes with the
motor chassis from from Chuck's works RC
so I like it a lot so I have it for
about two years now and you know from
time to time I bring it out just to
drive it and I'm really loving the truck
so today I'm just gonna run it for a
little bit here and I hope you guys
enjoy the video so let's get going
you